TST: Raise ValueError and suggestion to use header=None if header=-1 is pa… (#27878)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v0.25.1.rst

^^^

- Avoid calling ``S3File.s3`` when reading parquet, as this was removed in s3fs version 0.3.0 (:issue:`27756`)

> - Advise user to use ``header=None`` rather than ``header=-1`` for no header in ``pandas.read_csv`` (:issue:`27779`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better error message when a negative header is passed in :func:`pandas.read_csv` (:issue:`27779`)
```
